♪ Six months of love ♪
♪ But it feels like a day ♪
♪ Your breath smells like coffee ♪
♪ But I love it that way ♪
♪ Happy anniversary... ♪
- Well, that was special.
- Not yet.
I got to take another breath.
♪ Y... ♪
Okay, that's it. That's the end.
- Happy six-month anniversary, babe.
- Oh.
- Aw.
Oh, that was something else.
- Oh.
- I can't wait to see what you got me.
Yeah. Uh, I-I can't
wait to give it to you.
Okay!
- Wh-Where is it?
- Oh.
Oh, it's-it's so special,
I'm gonna give it to
you tonight at dinner.
- I love surprises.
- Yeah, me, too.
- Okay.
- Yeah, it'll be a...
a real big surprise.
- Yeah. Bye-bye.
- Bye.
Oh, crap.
I got her a hat.
Well, don't panic. Was it a nice hat?
I got it at Denny's.
Oh, no, Charlie. Why?
Because I was there when she texted me
that it was our six-month anniversary.
Who celebrates their six-month
anniversary anyway?
I mean, I know we're old, but do
you have to count every second?
Well, you know what you
got to do now, don't you?
Yeah. Fake my own death again.
No, you got to write her a song.
And it better be better than her song
but not so much better that
it makes her song look bad.
- I'll help you. Songwriting's easy.
- Oh,
you think songwriting is easy?
Hell yeah.
I wrote an erotic vampire novel, woman.
Songwriting's a piece of cake.
Charlie, you want to stay
with Kathleen, right?
- I do.
- Well, then
I would highly advise you
against this particular collaboration.
This is not Hall & Oates.
This is all Oates.
So you saying we can't
write a romantic song?
I'm saying you guys have seven divorces
between the two of you.
Yeah, that means we got
seven women to marry us.
Okay, well, I, being a
woman, understand women.
Not only that but I had a
professional songwriting career.
- So I should help.
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God, today
is gonna be the very
best day of my life.
Oh, is J.Crew finally selling boy sizes?
J.Crew?
Please, honey, what
am I, a youth pastor?
Guess who is signing autographs
at the convention center.
The cutest teen idol
of the early fall of 1969.
Charles Manson?
No! Not Charles Manson.
Kip Samgood.
Kip Samgood?
He is a son of a bitch.
He's the whole reason my
music career never took off.
You know Kip Samgood?
You shut your damn mouth.
Tell me everything.
I only wrote his biggest song.
Oh, please, Margaret.
You wrote "Bellbottom of My Heart"?
I most certainly did.
And I was performing it in clubs
months before it was ever on his album.
You know what, if you are
gonna see that bastard today,
I'm gonna go there.
I'm gonna make him admit
that he stole it.
Uh-uh. No, no, no.
You are not gonna mess this up for me.
You are not invited.
This has bothered me for years.
I'm gonna go confront
this head-on. I am going.
Margaret. You said you were
gonna help us write a song.
Just give her the damn hat.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
All right, Margaret, now,
please let me tell Kip
what he means to me.
I wrote an entire speech.
Okay, but when you're done with him,
I'm gonna rip him a new one.
K-I-P is gonna be R.I.P.
And you were a professional songwriter?
How you doing, buddy? What's your name?
Hi. Kip, my name is
Sidney, uh, Delacroix,
and I have waited 50 years
to read you this letter.
"Dear Kip,
"As a lonely little gay boy
growing up in Tex... "
- Here's your tambourine.
- Yeah, but I didn't get
- to finish my speech.
- Next!
Step aside, sir.
- My turn.
- Yeah, well, please,
Margaret, I didn't get
to finish my speech.
Well, hello, hotness.
What are you getting signed today?
Boobs are a two-for-one special.
That's my little joke.
Honestly, Kip, are you gonna pretend
that you don't know who I am?
Listen, if you've got a kid somewhere,
I got snipped in '79.
Court ordered.
It's me, Margaret Flynn.
I wrote "Bellbottom of My Heart."
Oh, my God.
You wrote that?
You know damn good and well I wrote it.
You... Wait,
you admit that you stole my song?
No, I didn't steal it.
My record company gave it to me.
But I have spent my entire
life wondering who wrote it,
because I know that that person...
was a genius.
A genius? Seriously?
I mean, "genius" is a little strong,
but... I'll allow it.
I was at a party with Paul Simon.
Heard of him?
He told me it was his
favorite song of mine.
Now, he may have been high as
a kite at the time, but...
he said it.
Say, what do you say
you and I... we go to the greenroom.
I would love to hear
more about your process.
I've got oodles of questions
- about it.
- Well...
The-the greenroom? I'm
still really mad at you,
but I-I guess-I guess I
am a little bit hungry.
Well, the spread's amazing.
We've got three kinds of cream cheese.
And we've got wraps!
I love wraps. Let's do it.
Oh, I'm sorry, buddy.
I've only got a plus-one.
Now, I must know more about your work.
Have you written any other songs?
Well, I've written a few.
I mean, you know, I...
Margaret, what the hell? Kip!
Please, I can be your
plus-one and a half.
Sid, I won't be long. I
promise. I won't forget you.
Ugh, Margaret, don't do this to me!
At least read him my letter!
You bitch!
All right, now, look, we
don't need Margaret's help
- to write no song about no woman.
- No.
'Cause one thing I know is
women don't know what they want.
You take my ex-wife... I
thought she wanted me,
but apparently she wanted that
big son of a bitch upstairs.
Look, Hank, c-can we not talk
about Lorraine right now?
We just do not have the time.
You're right. I'm sorry.
There was a point to it, but all right.
Tell me what kind of
song Kathleen wants.
I don't know. Something nice and sweet
about how much I love her.
No, no, no. No, no.
You got to give her something dark.
Not a sweet song. A bad-boy song.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right, play me a chord.
Well...
Moodier.
Um...
All right, that's it, right there.
Okay.
So, I'm just gonna riff, okay?
'Cause, you know, most
great songs are just
basically improvisation anyway.
♪ Kathleen ♪
♪ You gonna cheat on me ♪
♪ You gonna turn the kids on me ♪
♪ Kathleen ♪
♪ You gonna tell them lies ♪
♪ With them cheating eyes ♪
♪ Lorraine! ♪
- ♪ Lorraine! ♪
- Wait, wait.
- Hank, Hank, Hank, Hank, Hank.
- ♪ Lor... ♪
Hank,
you're back to talking
about your ex-wife again.
Charlie, you can't interrupt me,
man, when I was riffing, man.
All this talk about my
ex-wife got me agitated.
Look, I'm just gonna sit
here and let you sing
and I'm gonna listen.
- All right.
- Okay.
Um...
♪ Kathleen ♪
♪ I'm feeling so stressed ♪
♪ I'm feeling duress ♪
Darker.
♪ I killed a man ♪
- ♪ In Vietnam. ♪
- All right,
no, no, no, no! That's-that's
too dark, that's too dark.
All right, let's scrap the dark stuff.
We need to re-gear.
Now, what are all hit songs about today?
The booty!
It's too crass.
Kathleen was raised Protestant.
How 'bout something...
about technology?
No, that's too nerdy.
I'm afraid you're gonna start singing
about conspiracy theories.
Well, I would've said
"conspiracy facts,"
but, yes, that is where I was headed.
You know what, we need to shake off
all this bad ex-wife energy.
Um, here, play me a chord.
I got something new.
Lorraine! Lorraine!
Lorraine... !
♪ Lorraine. ♪
_
I can't believe I spent
all those years thinking
that you stole my song,
and you had nothing to do with it.
I used to fantasize about killing you.
A lot.
Well.
That's champagne under
the bridge now, baby.
Say, speaking of champagne,
can I, uh, top off your glass?
It's from New York State.
I don't mind if I do.
Mm.
Mmm.
You really can taste the Albany.
Well, come. Sit.
Tell me about your career.
Oh, well, to be perfectly honest, Kip,
my career didn't ever really take off.
I did write a jingle one time
for an adult diaper commercial
that I'm pretty ashamed of,
but... other than that,
I only had one real album,
and it was kind of a dud.
It was called Carpet.
You wrote Carpet?
I love Carpet.
I used to beg my label,
"Please, let me cover
a song from Carpet."
- Really?
- Mm.
Which one was your favorite?
Which song was your favorite?
I think "Vacuum" was
probably the strongest.
- Oh, it was definitely the strongest.
- Hmm.
Oh, gosh, I wish I could hear it now.
I could sing it for you now.
Oh... I would die.
But tragically, we don't have a guitar.
This guy's got a guitar right here.
Oh...
how wonderful.
Margaret, just calling you back.
Wasn't sure you got the
first 16 messages.
I-I really can't wait to meet Kip.
So call me back.
Uh, it's Sid, by the way.
Delacroix, from Shady Meadows.
I really hate to bother you.
But I'm supposed to be in the greenroom
with Kip and my friend.
Sorry, hoss.
Only VIPs past this point.
Yeah.
Well, I don't normally do this,
but I am... famous.
Super famous.
So I'll just be going in the G.R. now.
That's what we call the
greenroom in the biz.
"The biz" being "the business",
and by "the business"...
... we mean show business.
Hold on.
You're famous? For what?
Um...
the Star Wars.
You were in Star Wars?
Uh, yeah.
You know that little robot? R2-D2?
More like R2-Me-2.
It's me.
Prove it. Do the voice.
- Well, I don't think that that's really...
- Do it.
Beep. Beep, beep, beep, squeebo.
Furby.
Beep. Ooh. Hee, hee, hee.
No.
Okay, fine.
I really hate admitting this,
but I am the little boy
from Home Alone. Does this ring a bell?
I'm Ma-curly Curl-kin
and I'm home alone, y'all.
Aah!
Look, buddy. I'm gonna say
this as nice as I can.
Kip Samgood is banging
your wife right now.
My wife?
- Yeah.
- Ugh. No, no, no.
It's my friend.
And any moment she's gonna
realize she left me out here
and come out here to get me.
♪ Vacuum, yeah ♪
Okay.
Punam, Charlie got to write
a song for Kathleen,
but he can't figure out what
kind of song she likes.
Now, we reached a compromise,
but we just need
a woman's touch to bring it on home.
- All right, Charlie, make it funky.
- Okay.
♪ Kathleen ♪
- ♪ I'm moody and dark ♪
- Ooh! I like it.
We don't need your thoughts till
the end of the song, Punam.
Don't interrupt.
♪ Our cell phones are spies ♪
♪ Elvis Presley's alive ♪
♪ But your Protestant
booty still shakes ♪
♪ Robots are putting us
in a permanent sleep ♪
♪ Your booty keeps my eyes awake ♪
So, I...
Pretty obvious we're about 90% there.
It is moody, it's sexy...
- Yeah.
- ... and it's religiously conservative,
which I indicated in the song
when I said the booty was,
um, Protestant.
Yeah.
That was a really bad song.
But if you're trying to get your
girlfriend to break up with you,
it'll definitely work.
So you're really not
gonna let me in there?
It's literally my only job.
This was supposed to be
the best day of my life.
It's turning out to be the worst.
It's only a greenroom, man.
I could bring you out a Bagel Bite.
No, you don't understand.
I came down here to get something
off my chest, my heart.
Maybe you can relay to Kip
what I wrote.
I'm gonna read you this letter.
Do you have to?
Yes.
"Dear Kip, as a lonely little gay boy
"growing up in Texas,
"you were my only friend.
"I was constantly bullied
but you taught me
it was okay to be myself."
Damn, man. That was deep.
You know, when I was
a kid, I got teased.
What'd you get teased for?
My high-pitched voice.
Damn.
Puberty hit you like a truck.
You know what?
Maybe I could help you out.
♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ Steam clean my ♪
♪ Dreams. ♪
Oh, thank you so much.
That was... well, obviously that was
"Steam Clean My Dreams."
Hey. It's getting a
little crowded in here.
What do you say we go
back to my dressing room
uh, for, I don't know,
two to four minutes?
Wait, did you just bring me
back here to hook up with me?
No.
I wanted to listen to ten
crappy songs about rugs.
You lied about even liking
my music, didn't you?
Uh-oh. Have I been naughty?
- Mr. Samgood, I have something...
- Clancy,
how did he get in here?
- He, uh, overpowered me?
- "Dear Kip,
- as a lonely little gay boy... "
- Oh,
- growing up in Texas... "
- I already signed your tambourine,
didn't I?
Found him. In here.
What the hell are you guys doing here?
- Look, I can admit when I'm wrong.
- Yeah.
Actually, I can't. Charlie?
Um... we need help writing a song.
Oh, you came to me.
No, we here for Kip.
Well, wait a minute.
I am the one who wrote the biggest...
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mr. Samgood.
Um, I'm in a pinch.
I need a love song
and I need it fast.
Oh, my God.
Okay, first things first.
Clancy, you're clearly fired.
And you... you're just another
one of my deranged loser fans.
And I'm tired of looking at you.
Go away.
And you two... I don't know who you are,
but I can't write you a song
because I don't write music.
The whole thing was fake, okay?
You mean your songs were not real?
None of it was real.
Even my name is fake.
You know what my real
name is? Greg Napkin.
Well, I can see why they changed that.
You know what?
I can't even believe I
fell for your crap.
I should sue you over "Bell
Bottom of My Heart."
Well, I don't have any money.
I bet big on Betamax.
Sid, come on.
I'm sorry I ditched you. Charlie,
I will write you a love song. Let's go.
Hank, go easy on the Bagel Bites.
Say what? Woman, you can't
tell me what to do.
Hey.
And as for you, Napkin,
I may have written "Vacuum",
but you suck.
Oh, Sid.
I'm so sorry I abandoned you.
I, uh, I got a little carried away.
Oh, honey, I forgive you.
I still can't believe
that Kip was a fake.
But on the bright side, I
guess, I made a new friend.
Clancy and I are going to a
Lil Wayne concert tomorrow.
Oh. Here they come.
I'm so excited to see Charlie
perform the song I wrote for Kathleen.
- Kathleen, have a seat.
- Okay.
I've got something I want to say to you.
Hank, can I have my guitar?
- Here it is. Okay.
- Thank you.
Okay, darling. This is for you.
♪ Sometimes folks can let you down ♪
♪ Sometimes they do you wrong ♪
♪ Like the wife who banged
the football star ♪
♪ And the jerk that steals your song ♪
♪ Your hero can be a zero ♪
♪ But even worse than that ♪
♪ Is when your six-month boyfriend ♪
♪ Buys you a Denny's hat. ♪
Here.
Oh.
- I know...
- I love it.
This is where we had our first date.
Oh. Well, yeah,
that-that's why I did it.
I love it.
I just love you so. Let's
go get that dinner.
Okay. Oh, I just can't
wait to see what you get
for our seven-month anniversary.
Damn it.
Their first date was at Denny's?
I'm working way too hard
on my relationship.
Hey, Punam.
You know, riffing with
Charlie the other day...
that really lit a fire in me.
But compromising with him
was really dragging me
down, so I want to know
what you think of my songwriting
abilities untethered.
Great, let's hear it.
All right, give me a beat.
♪ Big ass booty up in the sky ♪
♪ Like a vampire in the night ♪
♪ Sliding upstairs like she don't care ♪
♪ That she's messing up my life ♪
- ♪ She's messing up my life ♪
- ♪ Up my life ♪
♪ She's messing up my life ♪
Hank, I got to stop you right there.
That song is amazing.
I knew it.
Songwriting is easy.
♪ Lorraine ♪
♪ Lorraine! ♪
♪ Lorraine. ♪
- Synced & corrected by MementMori -
-- www.addic7ed.com --
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org